so the simple tragedy I want to remind
you guys of today is that unproven
allegations can live on the Internet
forever and ever and if a larger
youtuber makes unproven allegations
against a smaller youtuber it does not
matter how eloquently how powerfully or
how definitively the smaller youtuber
proves the allegations to be false does
everyone just believe everything people
say without any evidence
we use the term witch-hunt rather
liberally in English and from time to
time when talking about these scenarios
I point out to people there's a
difference between a witch hunt going on
in a country where witches are just a
stereotype just a cultural concept or an
echo from the ancient past there's a
difference between that and a witch hunt
in a country where witches actually
exist they actually advertise their
services and they actually put curses on
people for a fee now you know it's a
deadly serious subject but when I was
living in Laos and Cambodia those are
our cultures that still have a tradition
of witchcraft they still have magicians
for what for better term that people pay
sometimes for a magical cure sometimes
for a love potion but often enough
they're people seeking revenge they're
people who want a curse and there really
are witch hunts there are people who try
to take revenge against some
supernatural figure of that kind for
some supernatural reason so we're
talking about these situations on the
Internet of allegations and counter
replications there are really two
distinct categories already there's a
witch hunt in those cases where so to
speak there was at least some actual
witchcraft that doesn't mean it's
morally justified to kill somebody just
because they put they cast a spell on
you and get I don't even believe that
the spells work I don't believe that you
know curses Nick annotations have real
supernatural effects but nevertheless
you may live in a society where rich
craft is
practice and there are situations in
which there is no witchcraft in which
the witch hunt itself is by definition
an exercise in panic and hysteria where
there can't possibly be the thing to be
terrified of being pursued hunted and
punished I'm making this video in
response to a controversy that I think
none of you will care about gonna play a
clip now showing you what it's about is
a big youtuber called reps Ian he got
into a situation where he was really
punishing a 16 year old kid and his name
on YouTube his kid so I'm not it's
holding him by calling him a kid a kid
who Frances his YouTube channel I've
gotta tell you something I am in a
position to know from my own experience
how allegations of this kind can
continue to haunt your life four years
later five years later and more even
when they are fabricated out of thin air
even when there was no witchcraft there
to begin with even there was nothing to
be complained about it can haunt your
life and if you let it can ruin your
life also so it all started here all
sold mean reps to his girlfriend and
this girl Elvis all hanging out in a in
Canada so this is where it all started
reps Ian was out there reps Ian let Maya
go there so he can go to e3 with his
sugar daddy which I will not say the
name of because he is also a big
youtuber alright
and I cannot disclose that like I can't
put that out to the public but anyways
so his girlfriend and if we're if we're
playing fire with fire I have to say it
from the start
his girlfriend slept with one of her
sugar daddies ended up getting
impregnated by him when she when she got
back she told Daniel that it was his had
a penis or his head and they were it's
all in my it's all in my power it's all
in the messenger there's no stepping
back to this you will paint a bad
picture on anyone's name and this is why
I'm putting this out there right now she
was pregnant with another man's baby had
Daniel convinced that it was head
when they got an abortion she was thrown
tits and [ __ ] like that and then Daniel
got so defensive and blocked us after we
told him everything with proof and
everything I went through all that stuff
I talked this guy you tried to convince
me cheated on I'm gone with and it was
[ __ ] there was no evidence of that
except the pregnancy I would say that's
proof unless you don't know how babies
are made real quick I want to point out
hey rep seon thanks for calling the
police on me and making a false child
pornography claim that was real cash
money of you when these images were
posted on Twitter by this ex fan of mine
the police were contacted in the police
contacted his school got his parents
information and got their address and
the police drove out to his actual
residence and spoke to this minor he
posted or I posted a an image that's a
screenshot of Maya playing with herself
in one of her many cam girl streams that
she streamed herself from when the year
2016 when she was either 19 or 20 and
there's a date on it and everything
and then she randomly gets in a discord
call with me and Lauren and she screams
at the top of her lungs about how she
was only 15 in that photo so the simple
tragedy I want to remind you guys of
today is that unproven allegations can
live on the Internet forever and ever
and if a larger youtuber makes unproven
allegations against a smaller youtuber
it does not matter how eloquently how
powerfully or how definitively the
smaller youtuber proves the allegations
to be false it doesn't even matter if
the larger youtuber deletes the videos
after some span of time or you know
unlist sit over cancer apologizes
because the number of people who saw the
allegations will be exponentially larger
than the number of people who heard them
refuted or debunked so this is like a
tragedy built into the structure of
YouTube if not the structure of the
Internet in general now the reverse may
be true if a small youtuber makes
allegations against a large youtuber
more people will hear the excuses then
we'll hear the allegations so there are
other dynamics to be explored but today
I'm sticking to this one scenario a
scenario I have had to survive and that
this kid this YouTube channel is called
the kid that rants this kid will now
also have to live with and survive you
hear about this years and years after
the fact sometimes directly sometimes
indirectly and sometimes you're left
wondering in a context of silence of
hearing nothing back like when you apply
for a job and you just aren't given the
interview and you have to wonder did I
not get offered that job interview
because there are these allegations
about me on the internet because the
person who's offering this job they went
on Google that went on YouTube and
searched my name and they found the
allegations and they didn't find the
antidote the allegations they didn't
find the proof that these are ridiculous
and false now I don't want to digress
into details too much my regular viewers
already know the whole story but in my
case the allegations were very obviously
very demonstrably false from day one
there were allegations about my sex life
but none of the allegations were
actually made by women who had sex with
me none of them were even made by women
who had ever met me or even like flirted
with me over Skype or over the Internet
or what-have-you
they were invented by a guy who was at
that time of very large very influential
youtuber durianrider in concert with his
girlfriend or wife who was an even
larger youtuber freely they did a
hatchet job on me trying to ruin my life
or every want to put it but there wasn't
a single allegation coming from an a
woman I say even talked to me and one of
the few names they specified that they
pointed to this girl Julia Bohr who was
then 16 years old and Julia said openly
like at that moment no this is untrue
she had never met me she never had any
flirtation with me she said and she
never made up the story either
so it was immediately shown that the
allegations were invented maliciously by
Doreen writer the girl in question had
not in any way
participated and she didn't back up his
story she didn't even play a funk with
the drama
it was absolutely obvious from day one
that these stories were false if you
think that's the most laughably obvious
false part of the allegations against me
as the witch hunt ensued actually no the
allegations became more laughable more
ridiculous they became more difficult to
believe even if you never heard my side
of the story they seemed more and more
like someone who was just generating
Internet drama
making stuff up off the top of their
head how could I have possibly been in
Scotland sleeping with this person who
said they never slept with me how could
I have been in Quebec like I was
apparently flying all around the world
simultaneously having affairs with all
kinds of people who didn't even exist
then much less than any of them made a
statement on YouTube or Instagram or
anywhere else so all of this was in a
word just nonsense I still hear back
about it to this day
I heard back about it when I posted in a
reddit group a link to a video I did on
politics totally unrelated topic it was
basically a video talking about a
right-wing youtuber and asking how
right-wing are they really because like
they might be way over the lunatic
fringe end of the right-wing kind of
thing that sort of political discussion
and right away in the comment session
there were these statements about my
private sex life about these scandalous
allegations and I jumped in and said hey
look you know I understand you're
repeating these allegations that are
still in the Internet but you should
know the guy who made those allegations
deleted them and apologized for them
what cause this one's together this I
guess some dr. evil you know dr. evil
who I guess I maybe owe no apology Dean
but maybe a thank you so he doesn't
support that story anymore everyone else
involved with this deleted or apologised
for their side of the allegations and I
made a series of youtube videos that
absolutely spell out step by step that
each one of those is completely false
and always was so if you want to know
it's out there right let me tell you
something when you are the smaller you
- BRR you can never win in these
discussions like even in that specific
discussion with that specific person and
of course a bunch of other people aren't
ready to jump in and join I didn't win
like I didn't convince this person to be
reasonable or considered the evidence
that I think but for every one person
like that who takes the time to tell you
that their opinion of you is shaped or
warped by these allegations there are
innumerable thousands who will never
tell you and most of these people they
just never even think it through
they just adopt these hostile attitudes
they just join in the witch-hunt
really without thinking through in the
slightest how it is they know what they
think they know or why they feel what
they think they feel about you I'm
guessing a lot of people listen to
YouTube videos like while they're
washing the dishes or while they're
driving their car in traffic they're in
some kind of super passive it's the
unthinking state of like hypnosis taking
on this kind of gossip and drama and
again like in my case like not even
thinking through the geography or or
what motivated the person to make up the
story about me in the first place why is
this being told to you you know why does
my youtube channel matter well then why
do they think that's about me like
they're not scrutinizing it even to the
same extent that they scrutinize say
allegations against Donald Trump Joe
Biden and his private sex life there's
at least some sort of process of
skepticism most people they sort of
started with this skeptical burden of
proof thing or is like well even if this
story is true why is it being told to me
now why was it uploaded in this
particular place why did the news come
out the way that it did it's fine to ask
those questions you should also do the
research and find out the answers in the
case of Joe Biden I actually do think
those allegations it's reasonable to
presume that they're true having having
done the reading and so on but there's
some kind of procedure there and it
seems like the vast majority of people
especially YouTube viewers they just if
that part of their brain is functional
at all when they sit here and listen to
gossip allegations and drama on YouTube
they just have it turned off I hope it's
because they're driving the car or
washing the dishes
I hope there's some excuse in their life
I hope it's not just stupidity but let
me tell you something
stupidity is real I'm recording this
video in the year 2020 I'm in the middle
of an epidemic global pandemic there is
this disease going on all around the
world and you know there's not a whole
lot I can do about it but I was looking
at the local job listings and there were
jobs advertised for the hospital here I
have no medical license I have no
medical training but there were some
very very humble jobs being advertised
for at the hospital that did not even
require a high school diploma and of
course because most people are afraid of
getting this virus most people are
afraid to die it's very hard for them to
find and recruit staff and I had various
thoughts in my mind I decided to apply
for the job so two of the jobs I
remember applying for I forget if there
was a third one of them was literally
the laundry detail in this hospital so
you can imagine you go to the bed
bedrooms you collect the linens off the
beds probably a lot of people Hospital
ARPU and in their beds whatever you
collect the soiled linens you take them
down to laundry room you do laundry I
don't think that job actually included
making the beds again afterwards I don't
know anyway the the linen duties at the
hospital does not even require a high
school diploma but for various reasons I
would kind of regard that as morally
uplifting in the current circumstances
to volunteer for a job like that this
would be a moment in history where I'd
be able to look back out and remember oh
yeah when that epidemic happened I did
my part
I tried to help I tried to volunteer and
one of the other jobs was a little bit
like a security guard in the hospital
but your job was technically to
accompany patients from A to B so you
can imagine sometimes these are people
you're actually rolling along
in a bed with wheels sometimes they're
people who are walking but with
difficulty or they may just be walking
but they're in a somewhat you know
altered state of mind because they're on
painkillers they're in whatever
situation they're at the hospital but
there's apparently a job in the hospital
where you come
20 people from the front desk to the
operating room or from the front desk to
their bedroom or whatever it is that
they need people who are at the hospital
and guide people for me to be sometimes
physically carrying them or helping them
along but making sure they don't get
lost and another place does not even
require a high school diploma here's the
thing as nasty and inconvenient as it
may be to have people sending you
insults on reddit or relating that they
still regard these allegations as
verbatim true even though they're
obviously laughably false as annoying
and frustrating as that may be the long
shadow of having allegations against you
on the Internet is that when you don't
get offer at a job like that when you
apply for a job you are qualified for or
overqualified for and in this case the
people hiring say they're desperate to
hire because they can't find anybody
because there's an epidemic going on
minimum wage job doesn't require a
school diploma when you don't get that
job nobody is gonna take the time to
explain to you why and you're left
sitting there wondering could it be
could it be just maybe because a bigger
youtuber with hundreds of thousands of
viewers or millions of viewers because
they made allegations against me even if
it was four or five years ago